gpu page, now with pictures (#10)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: gpu-lab.md

The CHTC GPU Lab is a [UW2020-funded project][uw2020] that will expand shared GPU 
computing infrastructure at UW-Madison.  It will include:

> <table>

Reviewer: Are you using HTML instead of Markdown for tables in order to control column widths more precisely and center one column?

Author: Yes. Even this is a hack - I'm not very good at managing image size/alignment on the web in general. 

The table isn't necessary - I think this would work just fine as the original list.

Reviewer: If we can get the formatting to work, the table with graphics is nice.

  <tr>
    <th width="25%">Hardware</th>
    <th width="25%">Expertise</th>
    <th width="25%">Documentation</th>
  </tr>
  <tr align="center">
    <td><img width="60%" src="guide-icons/noun_gpu_2528527.png"></td>
    <td><img width="60%" src="guide-icons/noun_people_1188645.png"></td>
    <td><img width="60%" src="guide-icons/noun_open book_1179297.png"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>a pool of shared GPU servers managed by CHTC </td>
    <td>a community of technical experts</td>
    <td>a library of sharable software and documentation</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Get Involved

If you want to use GPU resources in CHTC for your research: 

- Apply for a CHTC account if you don't already have one: [Account Request Page][account]
- See what GPUs are available and how to use them in the [GPU jobs guide][gpu-jobs].
- For more extended examples, see the following [runnable examples on GitHub][gpu-examples].

> Subscribe to the CHTC GPU Lab WiscList 

Reviewer: Do you think we should clarify who is invited to subscribe to this list?  It is intended for CHTC users, or anyone who is eligible to become a CHTC user.  It currently requires admin approval to join.

Author: Yes! It wasn't clear to me from the original document who should apply and what the purpose of the list was. If you can expand or create more of a blurb, that would be great.

Reviewer: Let's expand to
```
The CHTC GPU Lab WiscList is used to announce new GPU hardware availability and GPU-related events, solicit feedback from GPU users, and share best practices for GPU computing in CHTC.
Any CHTC user can subscribe to the list by emailing [join-chtc-gpu-lab@lists.wisc.edu](mailto:join-chtc-gpu-lab@lists.wisc.edu).
Their subscription request will be reviewed by the list administrators.
```

Is that more clear?  The last sentence may not be needed and can be cut if you prefer.  Currently the list is only used for one way announcements from the admins.  It the future, we might open it up for user-to-user discussions.

Reviewer: @ChristinaLK could you please make this edit?  It's hard for me to use the GitHub suggestion tool to correct make a multi-line change.  After that, could you please merge some or all of these changes?  There will be a lot of traffic to this page during the related Jan 14 event.  Thanks!

Author: Yes! I'll get this done this morning.

by emailing [join-chtc-gpu-lab@lists.wisc.edu](mailto:join-chtc-gpu-lab@lists.wisc.edu) to receive updates.

For more information about the CHTC GPU Lab contact [Anthony Gitter][gitter]. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> The CHTC GPU Lab is led by Anthony Gitter, Lauren Michael, Brian Bockelman, and Miron Livny.
```

   href = "bootstrap.css" />

<div class="card-deck">
	<div class="card border-secondary h-100" >    
		 <h5 class="card-title text-center">Hardware</h5>
		 <img alt="Card image cap" class="card-img-top img-responsive" src="guide-icons/noun_gpu_2528527.png" style="margin-left: auto;margin-right: auto;width: 30%;"/>
		<p style="padding:10px">A pool of shared GPU servers managed by CHTC.</p>
	</div>
	<div class="card border-secondary h-100" >    
		 <h5 class="card-title text-center">Expertise</h5>
		 <img alt="Card image cap" class="card-img-top img-responsive" src="guide-icons/noun_people_1188645.png" style="margin-left: auto;margin-right: auto;width: 30%;"/>
		<p style="padding:10px">A community of technical experts.</p>
	</div>
	<div class="card border-secondary h-100" >    
		 <h5 class="card-title text-center">Documentation</h5>
		 <img alt="Card image cap" class="card-img-top img-responsive" src="guide-icons/noun_open book_1179297.png" style="margin-left: auto;margin-right: auto;width: 30%;"/>
		<p style="padding:10px">A library of sharable software and documentation.</p>
	</div>
</div>

## Get Involved

If you want to use GPU resources in CHTC for your research: 

> - Apply for a CHTC account if you don't already have one: [Account Request Page][account]

Reviewer 2: Is this the right link?  The link format looks funny too...

Maybe we should also ask them to indicate they are interested in GPUs in that form?

Reviewer 2: Ah, nevermind.  We're using the reference-style format.  Just not used to seeing that.

- See what GPUs are available and how to use them in the [GPU jobs guide][gpu-jobs].
- For more extended examples, see the following [runnable examples on GitHub][gpu-examples].

> The CHTC GPU Lab WiscList is used to announce new GPU hardware availability and 

Reviewer 2: I don't know what a WiscList is.  Can we just say "mail list"?

> The CHTC GPU Lab WiscList is used to announce new GPU hardware availability and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CHTC GPU Lab mailing list is used to announce new GPU hardware availability and 
```

I agree with @bbockelm's proposed change here

Author: already made the change. :)

Reviewer: @ChristinaLK I saw your edit in 8d636b573b1bf95edc8dd96d3e9d6446fb1720a7.  I think Brian is right that we can drop the WiscList branding.  WiscLists will be deprecated in the future so I'll have to migrate anyway.
